=====================================

FREEPHONE PROJECT'S FACEBOOK KNOCKOFF

=====================================


Ok. So according to RT, Facebook is now openly in cahoots
with U.S. police to prevent and silence protest planning
on Facebook:

http://rt.com/usa/facebook-police-social-lipp-743/

This Shall Not Stand. In response, we'll make our OWN
Facebook! With BLACKJACK! AND HOOKERS!
 
Please add any specs, concerns or wants you have for this
project in this file. Or whatever. 


=====================================

THE BASICS

=====================================


It should work a lot like Facebook only instead of selling
users' personal information to marketers, working with 
police or governments, and generally disrespecting user 
privacy in every way, it should work like this:

- A person's page is either Private or Public. 

- Private means there's only a whitelist of certain users
that can access a person's page. 

- To be able to access a person's page, you will need a 
private encryption key from a user. A friend request
will send the recipient a modal saying "So-and-so wants to 
be your friend! Will you let them? Yes/No" and from there 
the person whose page you wanna see will have to voluntarily 
choose whether to let you in or not.

- If they accept you'll be sent a public key. That public 
key (or some other key. The point is that only certain 
users can decrypt your stuff) is used to decrypt a page so 
it's readable by a browser. 

- The user themselves are given a private master key that
only they can have, and they use that key and a password
or something to log in. If they lose the key, they lose
their page. It's strict but it'll prevent shenanigans.

- If you remove someone from your list, their key for your
page will no longer work and they can't see your stuff 
even if they try to do so clandestinely. 

-Public pages are, well, public.
